{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Definitions.\
\
a.	\'93Program IP\'94 shall be defined as any User Generated Content (defined, below) distributed by the Program.\
\
b.	\'93User Generated Content\'94 shall be defined as the original or derivative copyrightable elements included in your Work, such as proper nouns (characters, deities, locations, etc., as well as all adjectives, names, titles, and descriptive terms derived from proper nouns), characters, dialogue, locations, organizations, plots, and storylines. Per the terms of this Agreement, you expressly agree that your User Generated Content, once submitted to the Program will become Program IP and useable by other members of the Program as well as by the Publisher as described in this Agreement.\
\
2.	Account Information; Account Suspension.\
\
a.	Account Information. You must have an active user account to participate in the Program. You must ensure that all information you provide in connection with establishing your account, such as your name, address, and email, is accurate, and you must keep it up to date as long as you use the Program. You will not use false identities (except where the site specifically permits you to enter a public-facing author pseudonym) or impersonate any other person or use a username or password you are not authorized to use. You also consent to our sending you emails related to the Program and other publishing opportunities. This consent regarding contacting you by email takes precedence over any contrary directions you may have given us, including through the Publisher\'92s website(s).\
\
b.	Account Security. You are solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of your account username and password and are responsible for all activities that occur under your account, whether or not you have authorized such activities. You may not permit any third party to use the Program through your account and will not use the account of any third party. You agree to immediately notify Roll20 of any unauthorized use of your username, password, and/or account using the Contact Us link at the bottom of the homepage of any Roll20 marketplace website.\
\
c.	Account Suspension. We may suspend your account or your participation in the Program at any time. You acknowledge that if we do so, you may be prevented from accessing communications and content on the Roll20 websites. If we suspend your account, you must stop using your Roll20 account and you will not create any new accounts.\
\
3.	Rights Granted to You.\
\
a.	Subject to your compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Roll20 grants you the limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, personal, worldwide, and revocable right to use and otherwise incorporate Publisher IP and Program IP into your Work(s) for distribution through the Program only.\
\
b.	Except for short promotional excerpts used to promote your Work, you may not display, recreate, publish, distribute, or sell your Work (or derivatives thereof) outside of the Program administered on Roll20 websites or through other platforms or channels authorized or offered by the Publisher.\
\
4.	Rights You Grant to Roll20 and The Publisher\
\
a.	No Reversion. Due to our licensing arrangement with the Publisher and the collaborative nature of the Program, you are granting us irrevocable licenses in your Work and your User Generated Content included in your Work, and the rights to your Work will not be reverted once the same is published in the Program. You will have the ability through online tools at Roll20 websites and applications to stop further public sale of your Work on Roll20 marketplaces (though customers who already purchased digital copies will continue to have access to the purchased Work), but not to stop the sale or use of works of other authors in the Program, or to limit Publisher\'92s rights in the Work, even when such works use your User Generated Content and thereby became part of the Program IP for other authors to use.\
\
b.	License to your Work. Effective as of the date you setup your Work through the Program on Roll20\'92s website, you hereby grant Roll20 and the Publisher an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to access, use, develop, license, reproduce, copy, print, publish, distribute, translate, display, publicly perform and transmit your Work, in whole and in part, in each country in the world, in all languages and formats, and by all means now known or later developed, including the right to create and prepare derivative works of your Work (the \'93Publisher Derivatives\'94). Publisher shall own all right, title, and interest in and to the Publisher Derivatives.\
\
c.	License to all User Generated Content in Your Work. Effective as of the date we first make your Work available through the Program, you hereby grant us the irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free license to use all User Generated Content included in your Work. You agree that the User Generated Content is available for unrestricted use by us without any additional compensation, notification, or attribution, including that we may allow other Program authors, the Publisher, and other third parties to use the User Generated Content.\
\
5.	Waiver of Claims; Waiver of Moral Rights. In order to prevent legal claims that could be disruptive to the Program participants or impede the ability of you and other Program authors to participate in the Program, you irrevocably waive any legal claim you may have under any theory of law in any territory that your rights were infringed upon, misappropriated, and/or violated due to any access and/or use of your User Generated Content by Roll20, the Publisher, or such party\'92s affiliates, licensees and sublicensees, and/or any other Program authors. This waiver does not apply to royalty payments (if any) we may owe you hereunder. You irrevocably waive any moral rights in your Work and/or User Generated Content. Further, you agree not to assert any moral rights in your Work and/or User Generated Content against Roll20, The Publisher, and/or other Program authors. If, under any applicable law, this waiver of moral rights is not effective, you acknowledge that your Work and User Generated Content are subject to the licenses you grant hereunder without any credit obligation, that you intend for your Work and/or User Generated Content to be used in this way, and that this form of use will not be contrary to your moral rights. \
\
6.	Royalties and Payments.\
\
a.	Royalties. As full consideration of the rights you grant us under this Agreement, we will pay you a 50% royalty on Net Sales of your Work. \'93Net Sales\'94 means Roll20\'92s gross revenue arising from the sale, use, and/or distribution of your Work, each after deducting print costs, sales taxes, freight charges, customary trade discounts, consumer refunds and returns, and/or actual chargebacks.\
\
b.	Royalties are computed in US dollars.\
\
c.	Royalties are paid via PayPal. You shall have access on Roll20 websites to a webpage that allows you to withdraw accumulated royalties to your PayPal account. Roll20 may deduct a fee of $1 or PayPal\'92s prevailing fee for its MassPay service from each payment to you.\
\
d.	Roll20 or the Publisher may send complimentary copies of your work for reasonable promotional and administrative purposes. No royalties shall be paid to you on such copies.\
\
e.	You shall set the sale price of your Work. Roll20 may include your Work in site promotional sales events at discounts up to 40% off your normal sale price.\
\
f.	Royalties on a sale of your Work shall be eligible for your withdrawal thirty (30) days after the sale.\
\
7.	Term and Termination.\
\
a.	The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date of your acceptance, and shall continue until terminated as set forth herein (the \'93Term\'94). Either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if the other party (i) materially breaches the Agreement and does not cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receiving notice of such breach; (ii) files a petition under the bankruptcy laws, makes an assignment of its assets for the benefit of its creditors, or otherwise liquidates its business; or (iii) for convenience upon thirty (30) days\'92 prior written notice. \
\
b.	Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, any rights or obligations of the parties in this Agreement that, by their nature, should survive termination or expiration of the Agreement, will survive any such termination or expiration, including any and all rights of Roll20 under such third-party licenses and grants. Without limiting the foregoing, the rights granted under Section 4 shall survive any such termination or expiration.\
\
8.	Representations, Warranties and Indemnity. You represent and warrant that:\
\
a.	You are old enough to form a legally binding contract.\
\
b.	If you are accepting this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that company or legal entity.\
\
c.	You are the sole owner of all rights in your Work or otherwise have full right and license to make use of all content in your Work. Entering into this Agreement shall not conflict or interfere with the rights of any third parties.\
\
d.	Your Work does not contain material that is libelous; that violates the intellectual property or privacy rights of any other party; or that violates applicable law.\
\
e.	Your Work does not contain material that the general public would classify as adult content, such as pornography or extreme violence.\
\
f.	You have secured any image release rights from any models that may appear in any illustrations or photography in your Work.\
\
g.	You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Roll20, its affiliates and parents, and its and their respective employees, directors, managers, officers, representatives, agents, successors and assigns for, from and against any losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including attorneys\'92 fees and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers arising out of or in connection with any third-party claim, suit, action, or proceeding (each, an \'93Action\'94) relating to any actual or alleged breach of your representations, warranties, covenants, agreements, and/or other obligations hereunder. Roll20 shall promptly notify you in writing of any Action and cooperate with you at your sole cost and expense. You shall immediately take control of the defense and investigation of such Action and shall employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend the same, at your sole cost and expense. You shall not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects Roll20\'92s rights without Roll20\'92s prior written consent. Roll20\'92s failure to perform any obligations under this Section will not relieve you of your obligations under this Section except to the extent that you can demonstrate that it has been materially prejudiced as a result of such failure. Roll20 may participate in and observe the proceedings at its own cost and expense.\
\
9.	No Obligation to Make Available or Sell. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to market, distribute, or offer for sale your Work, or to continuing marketing, distributing or selling your Work after we have started doing so. We may remove your Work from the Program and cease further exploitation at any time in our sole discretion without notice to you.\
\
10.	Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability. THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS." ROLL20 AND THE PUBLISHER WILL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, COST OF COVER OR OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR RELIANCE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR ANY EQUITABLE REMEDY OF DISGORGEMENT OR OTHERWISE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THEORY OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROLL20\'92S (OR THE PUBLISHER\'92S) LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (I) THE AMOUNT OF FEES DUE AND PAYABLE BY ROLL20 TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE CLAIM AND (II) FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00). ROLL20 SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS, WITH RESPECT TO ALL SERVICES, SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ROLL20 IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PROGRAM, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT ROLL20 CANNOT ENSURE THAT EDITIONS OF YOUR USER GENERATED CONTENT WILL BE PROTECTED FROM THEFT OR MISUSE OR THAT CUSTOMERS WILL COMPLY WITH ANY CONTENT USAGE RULES. ROLL20 WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING FROM A FAILURE OF ANY SECURITY SYSTEM OR PROCEDURE OR OF ANY CUSTOMER TO COMPLY WITH ANY CONTENT USAGE RULES. ROLL20 CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT ITS SYSTEMS WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, AND ROLL20 WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING FROM SYSTEM OR PROCESS FAILURES, INTERRUPTIONS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS OR LATENCIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; AS SUCH THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN ITS ENTIRETY.\
\
11.	Execution of Further Agreements and Documents. Protection of rights sometimes requires formal filings of paper documents and it may be helpful for Roll20 to have physical signed versions of this Agreement or other documents. You agree to sign and deliver to Roll20 any further documents that it may reasonably request to confirm your grant of rights to Roll20 (and to the Publisher) under this Agreement, following all instructions Roll20 provides for signature and return (\'93Additional Documents\'94). If you do not complete and return any such Additional Documents within thirty (30) days after Roll20 requests them, you hereby irrevocably appoint Roll20 as your attorney-in-fact with full power to execute, acknowledge and deliver the Additional Documents as required to confirm our rights.\
\
12.	No Rescission or Injunctive Relief. All rights granted to Roll20 and the Publisher under this Agreement are irrevocably vested. No breach by Roll20 or the Publisher of this Agreement will entitle you to equitable relief, whether injunctive or otherwise, against or with respect to your User Generated Content or any other works produced pursuant to the rights granted under this Agreement or their exploitation. If the rights granted to Roll20 or the Publisher under this Agreement should revert to you under any copyright law or similar law, and if you are at any time thereafter prepared to enter an agreement with a third party for the license, exercise or other disposition of all or any of those rights, you will, before entering into the agreement, give Roll20 and the Publisher notice of the proposed terms (and all modifications of the terms) and the party involved. In each case, both Roll20 and The Publisher will then have ten (10) business days in which to elect to acquire the rights involved on the terms you offered to that third party.\
\
13.	General Provisions.\
\
a.	This Agreement is the sole and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter herein, and amends, restates, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding such subject matter, including, without limitation, any prior license agreement, publisher agreement, or other form of agreement entered into by or on behalf of Roll20 and you. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by a court or other tribunal with jurisdiction over the parties to this Agreement, that provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and the remainder of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement does not waive the party's rights to subsequently enforce the provision.\
\
b.	The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. This Agreement does not constitute and shall not be construed as constituting a partnership or joint venture among the parties hereto, or an employee/employer relationship.\
\
c.	This Agreement is binding on and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their heirs, successors, and assigns. You shall not assign any of your rights or delegate any of its obligations under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without Roll20\'92s prior written consent. Any purported assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void. Roll20 may assign this Agreement or its rights hereunder, or delegate its obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion.\
\
d.	This Agreement and all related documents including all schedules attached hereto, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of Nevada, in each case located in Clark County, Nevada, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such legal suit, action, or proceeding. Service of process, summons, notice, or other document by mail to such party\'92s address set forth herein is effective service of process for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court. Any claim you have under this Agreement must be brought by you within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is permanently barred.\
\
e.	This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.\
\
f.	Roll20 may revise this Agreement at any time for any reason, and Roll20 may provide you notice of these changes by any reasonable means, including by providing notice through the services. By continuing to use the Program, you confirm acceptance of any revised Agreement(s) and all the terms incorporated herein by reference.\
Changelog:\
No changes yet.\
}